<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>XXII: The Red Signal</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-22" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">XXII</h2>
				<p epub:type="title">The Red Signal</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>Superintendent Battle was standing in the library at Wyvern Abbey.</p>
			<p>George Lomax, seated before a desk overflowing with papers, was frowning portentously.</p>
			<p>Superintendent Battle had opened proceedings by making a brief and businesslike report. Since then, the conversation had lain almost entirely with George, and Battle had contented himself with making brief and usually monosyllabic replies to the other‚Äôs questions.</p>
			<p>On the desk, in front of George, was the packet of letters Anthony had found on his dressing-table.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI can‚Äôt understand it at all,‚Äù said George irritably, as he picked up the packet. ‚ÄúThey‚Äôre in code, you say?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúJust so, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝLomax.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAnd where does he say he found them‚ÅÝ‚Äîon his dressing-table?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Battle repeated, word for word, Anthony Cade‚Äôs account of how he had come to regain possession of the letters.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAnd he brought them at once to you? That was quite proper‚ÅÝ‚Äîquite proper. But who could have placed them in his room?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Battle shook his head.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThat‚Äôs the sort of thing you ought to know,‚Äù complained George. ‚ÄúIt sounds to me very fishy‚ÅÝ‚Äîvery fishy indeed. What do we know about this man Cade anyway? He appears in a most mysterious manner‚ÅÝ‚Äîunder highly suspicious circumstances‚ÅÝ‚Äîand we know nothing whatever about him. I may say that I, personally, don‚Äôt care for his manner at all. You‚Äôve made inquiries about him, I suppose?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Superintendent Battle permitted himself a patient smile.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWe wired at once to South Africa, and his story has been confirmed on all points. He was in Bulawayo with <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝMcGrath at the time he stated. Previous to their meeting, he was employed by <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Messrs.</abbr> Castle, the tourist agents.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúJust what I should have expected,‚Äù said George. ‚ÄúHe has the kind of cheap assurance that succeeds in a certain type of employment. But about these letters‚ÅÝ‚Äîsteps must be taken at once‚ÅÝ‚Äîat once‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>The great man puffed himself out and swelled importantly.</p>
			<p>Superintendent Battle opened his mouth, but George forestalled him.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThere must be no delay. These letters must be decoded without any loss of time. Let me see, who is the man? There is a man‚ÅÝ‚Äîconnected with the British Museum. Knows all there is to know about ciphers. Ran the department for us during the War. Where is Miss Oscar? She will know. Name something like Win‚ÅÝ‚ÄîWin‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúProfessor Wynward,‚Äù said Battle.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúExactly. I remember perfectly now. He must be wired to, immediately.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI have done so, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝLomax, an hour ago. He will arrive by the 12:10.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, very good, very good. Thank Heaven, something is off my mind. I shall have to be in town today. You can get along without me, I suppose?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI think so, sir.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, do your best, Battle, do your best. I am terribly rushed just at present.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúJust so, sir.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBy the way, why did not <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝEversleigh come over with you?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHe was still asleep, sir. We‚Äôve been up all night, as I told you.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, quite so. I am frequently up nearly the whole night myself. To do the work of thirty-six hours in twenty-four, that is my constant task! Send <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝEversleigh over at once when you get back, will you, Battle?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI will give him your message, sir.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThank you, Battle. I realize perfectly that you had to repose a certain amount of confidence in him. But do you think it was strictly necessary to take my cousin, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr>¬ÝRevel, into your confidence also?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIn view of the name signed to those letters, I do, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝLomax.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAn amazing piece of effrontery,‚Äù murmured George, his brow darkened as he looked at the bundle of letters. ‚ÄúI remember the late king of Herzoslovakia. A charming fellow, but weak‚ÅÝ‚Äîdeplorably weak. A tool in the hands of an unscrupulous woman. Have you any theory as to how these letters came to be restored to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝCade?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIt‚Äôs my opinion,‚Äù said Battle, ‚Äúthat if people can‚Äôt get a thing one way‚ÅÝ‚Äîthey try another.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI don‚Äôt quite follow you,‚Äù said George.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThis crook, this King Victor, he‚Äôs well aware by now that the Council Chamber is watched. So he‚Äôll let us have the letters, and let us do the decoding, and let us find the hiding-place. And then‚ÅÝ‚Äîtrouble! But Lemoine and I between us will attend to that.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou‚Äôve got a plan, eh?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI wouldn‚Äôt go so far as to say I‚Äôve got a plan. But I‚Äôve got an idea. It‚Äôs a very useful thing sometimes, an idea.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Thereupon Superintendent Battle took his departure.</p>
			<p>He had no intention of taking George any further into his confidence.</p>
			<p>On the way back, he passed Anthony on the road and stopped.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúGoing to give me a lift back to the house?‚Äù asked Anthony. ‚ÄúThat‚Äôs good.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhere have you been, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝCade?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDown to the station to inquire about trains.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Battle raised his eyebrows.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThinking of leaving us again?‚Äù he inquired.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNot just at present,‚Äù laughed Anthony. ‚ÄúBy the way, what‚Äôs upset Isaacstein? He arrived in the car just as I left, and he looked as though something had given him a nasty jolt.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚Äú<abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝIsaacstein?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI can‚Äôt say, I‚Äôm sure. I fancy it would take a good deal to jolt him.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSo do I,‚Äù agreed Anthony. ‚ÄúHe‚Äôs quite one of the strong silent yellow men of finance.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Suddenly Battle leant forward and touched the chauffeur on the shoulder.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúStop, will you? And wait for me here.‚Äù</p>
			<p>He jumped out of the car, much to Anthony‚Äôs surprise. But in a minute or two, the latter perceived <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">M.</abbr> Lemoine advancing to meet the English detective, and gathered that it was a signal from him which had attracted Battle‚Äôs attention.</p>
			<p>There was a rapid colloquy between them, and then the superintendent returned to the car and jumped in again, biding the chauffeur drive on.</p>
			<p>His expression had completely changed.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThey‚Äôve found the revolver,‚Äù he said suddenly and curtly.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhat?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Anthony gazed at him in great surprise.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhere?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIn Isaacstein‚Äôs suitcase.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, impossible!‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNothing‚Äôs impossible,‚Äù said Battle. ‚ÄúI ought to have remembered that.‚Äù</p>
			<p>He sat perfectly still, tapping his knee with his hand.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWho found it?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Battle jerked his head over his shoulder.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúLemoine. Clever chap. They think no end of him at the S√ªret√©.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBut doesn‚Äôt this upset all your ideas?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo,‚Äù said Superintendent Battle very slowly. ‚ÄúI can‚Äôt say it does. It was a bit of a surprise, I admit, at first. But it fits in very well with one idea of mine.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhich is?‚Äù</p>
			<p>But the superintendent branched off on to a totally different subject.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI wonder if you‚Äôd mind finding <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝEversleigh for me, sir? There‚Äôs a message for him from <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝLomax. He‚Äôs to go over to the Abbey at once.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAll right,‚Äù said Anthony. The car had just drawn up at the great door. ‚ÄúHe‚Äôs probably in bed still.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI think not,‚Äù said the detective. ‚ÄúIf you‚Äôll look, you‚Äôll see him walking under the trees with <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr>¬ÝRevel.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWonderful eyes you have, haven‚Äôt you, Battle?‚Äù said Anthony as he departed on his errand.</p>
			<p>He delivered the message to Bill, who was duly disgusted.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDamn it all,‚Äù grumbled Bill to himself, as he strode off to the house, ‚Äúwhy can‚Äôt Codders sometimes leave me alone? And why can‚Äôt these blasted Colonials stay in their Colonies? What do they want to come over here for, and pick out all the best girls? I‚Äôm fed to the teeth with everything.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHave you heard about the revolver?‚Äù asked Virginia breathlessly, as Bill left them.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBattle told me. Rather staggering, isn‚Äôt it? Isaacstein was in a frightful state yesterday to get away, but I thought it was just nerves. He‚Äôs about the one person I‚Äôd have pitched upon as being above suspicion. Can you see any motive for his wanting Prince Michael out of the way?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIt certainly doesn‚Äôt fit in,‚Äù agreed Virginia thoughtfully.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNothing fits in anywhere,‚Äù said Anthony discontentedly. ‚ÄúI rather fancied myself as an amateur detective to begin with, and so far all I‚Äôve done is to clear the character of the French governess at vast trouble and some little expense.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIs that what you went to France for?‚Äù inquired Virginia.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes, I went to Dinard and had an interview with the Comtesse de Breteuil, awfully pleased with my own cleverness, and fully expecting to be told that no such person as Mademoiselle Brun had ever been heard of. Instead of which I was given to understand that the lady in question had been the mainstay of the household for the last seven years. So, unless the Comtesse is also a crook, that ingenious theory of mine falls to the ground.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Virginia shook her head.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúMadame de Breteuil is quite above suspicion. I know her quite well, and I fancy I must have come across Mademoiselle at the ch√¢teau. I certainly know her face quite well‚ÅÝ‚Äîin that vague way one does know governesses and companions and people one sits opposite to in trains. It‚Äôs awful, but I never really look at them properly. Do you?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOnly if they‚Äôre exceptionally beautiful,‚Äù admitted Anthony.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, in this case‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù she broke off. ‚ÄúWhat‚Äôs the matter?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Anthony was staring at a figure which detached itself from the clump of trees and stood there rigidly at attention. It was the Herzoslovakian, Boris.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúExcuse me,‚Äù said Anthony to Virginia, ‚ÄúI must just speak to my dog a minute.‚Äù</p>
			<p>He went across to where Boris was standing.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhat‚Äôs the matter? What do you want?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúMaster,‚Äù said Boris, bowing.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes, that‚Äôs all very well, but you mustn‚Äôt keep following me about like this. It looks odd.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Without a word, Boris produced a soiled scrap of paper, evidently torn from a letter, and handed it to Anthony.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhat‚Äôs this?‚Äù said Anthony.</p>
			<p>There was an address scrawled on the paper, nothing else.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHe dropped it,‚Äù said Boris. ‚ÄúI bring it to the Master.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWho dropped it?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThe foreign gentleman.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBut why bring it to me?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Boris looked at him reproachfully.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, anyway, go away now,‚Äù said Anthony. ‚ÄúI‚Äôm busy.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Boris saluted, turned sharply on his heel, and marched away. Anthony rejoined Virginia, thrusting the piece of paper into his pocket.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhat did he want?‚Äù she asked curiously. ‚ÄúAnd why do you call him your dog?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBecause he acts like one,‚Äù said Anthony, answering the last question first. ‚ÄúHe must have been a retriever in his last incarnation, I think. He‚Äôs just brought me a piece of a letter which he says the foreign gentleman dropped. I suppose he means Lemoine.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI suppose so,‚Äù acquiesced Virginia.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHe‚Äôs always following me round,‚Äù continued Anthony. ‚ÄúJust like a dog. Says next to nothing. Just looks at me with his big round eyes. I can‚Äôt make him out.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúPerhaps he meant Isaacstein,‚Äù suggested Virginia. ‚ÄúIsaacstein looks foreign enough, Heaven knows.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIsaacstein,‚Äù muttered Anthony impatiently. ‚ÄúWhere the devil does he come in?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAre you ever sorry that you‚Äôve mixed yourself up in all this?‚Äù asked Virginia suddenly.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSorry? Good Lord, no. I love it. I‚Äôve spent most of my life looking for trouble, you know. Perhaps, this time, I‚Äôve got a little more than I bargained for.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBut you‚Äôre well out of the wood now,‚Äù said Virginia, a little surprised by the unusual gravity of his tone.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNot quite.‚Äù</p>
			<p>They strolled on for a minute or two in silence.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThere are some people,‚Äù said Anthony, breaking the silence, ‚Äúwho don‚Äôt conform to the signals. An ordinary well-regulated locomotive slows down or pulls up when it sees the red light hoisted against it. Perhaps I was born colourblind. When I see the red signal‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI can‚Äôt help forging ahead. And in the end, you know, that spells disaster. Bound to. And quite right really. That sort of thing is bad for traffic generally.‚Äù</p>
			<p>He still spoke very seriously.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI suppose,‚Äù said Virginia, ‚Äúthat you have taken a good many risks in your life?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúPretty nearly every one there is‚ÅÝ‚Äîexcept marriage.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThat‚Äôs rather cynical.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIt wasn‚Äôt meant to be. Marriage, the kind of marriage I mean, would be the biggest adventure of the lot.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI like that,‚Äù said Virginia, flushing eagerly.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThere‚Äôs only one kind of woman I‚Äôd want to marry‚ÅÝ‚Äîthe kind who is worlds removed from my type of life. What would we do about it? Is she to lead my life, or am I to lead hers?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIf she loved you‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSentimentality, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr>¬ÝRevel. You know it is. Love isn‚Äôt a drug that you take to blind you to your surroundings‚ÅÝ‚Äîyou can make it that, yes, but it‚Äôs a pity‚ÅÝ‚Äîlove can be a lot more than that. What do you think the king and his beggar maid thought of married life after they‚Äôd been married a year or two? Didn‚Äôt she regret her rags and her bare feet and her carefree life? You bet she did. Would it have been any good renouncing his crown for her sake? Not a bit of good, either. He‚Äôd have made a damned bad beggar, I‚Äôm sure. And no woman respects a man when he‚Äôs doing a thing thoroughly badly.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHave you fallen in love with a beggar maid, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝCade?‚Äù inquired Virginia softly.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIt‚Äôs the other way about with me, but the principle‚Äôs the same.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAnd there‚Äôs no way out?‚Äù asked Virginia.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThere‚Äôs always a way out,‚Äù said Anthony gloomily. ‚ÄúI‚Äôve a theory that one can always get anything one wants if one will pay the price. And do you know what the price is, nine times out of ten? Compromise. A beastly thing, compromise, but it steals upon you as you near middle age. It‚Äôs stealing upon me now. To get the woman I want I‚Äôd‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI‚Äôd even take up regular work.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Virginia laughed.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI was brought up to a trade, you know,‚Äù continued Anthony.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAnd you abandoned it?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhy?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúA matter of principle.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh!‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou‚Äôre a very unusual woman,‚Äù said Anthony suddenly, turning and looking at her.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhy?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou can refrain from asking questions.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou mean that I haven‚Äôt asked you what your trade was?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúJust that.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Again they walked on in silence. They were nearing the house now, passing close by the scented sweetness of the rose garden.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou understand well enough, I dare say,‚Äù said Anthony, breaking the silence. ‚ÄúYou know when a man‚Äôs in love with you. I don‚Äôt suppose you care a hang for me‚ÅÝ‚Äîor for anyone else‚ÅÝ‚Äîbut, by God, I‚Äôd like to make you care.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDo you think you could?‚Äù asked Virginia, in a low voice.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúProbably not, but I‚Äôd have a damned good try.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAre you sorry you ever met me?‚Äù she said suddenly.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúLord no. It‚Äôs the red signal again. When I first saw you‚ÅÝ‚Äîthat day in Pont Street, I knew I was up against something that was going to hurt like fun. Your face did that to me‚ÅÝ‚Äîjust your face. There‚Äôs magic in you from head to foot‚ÅÝ‚Äîsome women are like that, but I‚Äôve never known a woman who had so much of it as you have. You‚Äôll marry someone respectable and prosperous, I suppose, and I shall return to my disreputable life, but I‚Äôll kiss you once before I go‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI swear I will.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou can‚Äôt do it now,‚Äù said Virginia softly. ‚ÄúSuperintendent Battle is watching us out of the library window.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Anthony looked at her.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou‚Äôre rather a devil, Virginia,‚Äù he said dispassionately. ‚ÄúBut rather a dear too.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Then he waved his hand airily to Superintendent Battle.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCaught any criminals this morning, Battle?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNot as yet, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝCade.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThat sounds hopeful.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Battle, with an agility surprising in so stolid a man, vaulted out of the library window and joined them on the terrace.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôve got Professor Wynward down here,‚Äù he announced in a whisper. ‚ÄúJust this minute arrived. He‚Äôs decoding the letters now. Would you like to see him at work?‚Äù</p>
			<p>His tone suggested that of the showman speaking of some pet exhibit. Receiving a reply in the affirmative, he led them up to the window and invited them to peep inside.</p>
			<p>Seated at a table, the letters spread out in front of him and writing busily on a big sheet of paper was a small red-haired man of middle age. He grunted irritably to himself as he wrote, and every now and then rubbed his nose violently until its hue almost rivalled that of his hair.</p>
			<p>Presently he looked up.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThat you, Battle? What you want me down here to unravel this tomfoolery for? A child in arms could do it. A baby of two could do it on its head. Call this thing a cipher? It leaps to the eye, man.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôm glad of that, Professor,‚Äù said Battle mildly. ‚ÄúBut we‚Äôre not all so clever as you are, you know.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIt doesn‚Äôt need cleverness,‚Äù snapped the Professor. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs routine work. Do you want the whole bundle done? It‚Äôs a long business, you know‚ÅÝ‚Äîrequires diligent application and close attention, and absolutely no intelligence. I‚Äôve done the one dated ‚ÄòChimneys‚Äô which you said was important. I might as well take the rest back to London and hand ‚Äôem over to one of my assistants. I really can‚Äôt afford the time myself. I‚Äôve come away now from a real teaser, and I want to get back to it.‚Äù</p>
			<p>His eyes glistened a little.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúVery well, Professor,‚Äù assented Battle. ‚ÄúI‚Äôm sorry we‚Äôre such small fry. I‚Äôll explain to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝLomax. It‚Äôs just this one letter that all the hurry is about. Lord Caterham is expecting you to stay for lunch, I believe.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNever have lunch,‚Äù said the Professor. ‚ÄúBad habit, lunch. A banana and a water biscuit is all any sane and healthy man should need in the middle of the day.‚Äù</p>
			<p>He seized his overcoat, which lay across the back of a chair. Battle went round to the front of the house, and a few minutes later Anthony and Virginia heard the sound of a car driving away.</p>
			<p>Battle rejoined them, carrying in his hand the half-sheet of paper which the Professor had given him.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHe‚Äôs always like that,‚Äù said Battle, referring to the departed Professor. ‚ÄúIn the very deuce of a hurry. Clever man, though. Well, here‚Äôs the kernel of Her Majesty‚Äôs letter. Care to have a look at it?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Virginia stretched out a hand, and Anthony read it over her shoulder. It had been, he remembered, a long epistle, breathing mingled passion and despair. The genius of Professor Wynward had transformed it into an essentially businesslike communication.</p>
			<blockquote>
				<p>Operations carried out successfully, but <abbr epub:type="z3998:personal-name">S.</abbr> double crossed us. Has removed stone from hiding-place. Not in his room. I have searched. Found following memorandum which I think refers to it: ‚Äú<b>Richmond Seven Straight Eight Left Three Right.</b>‚Äù</p>
			</blockquote>
			<p>‚Äú<abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:personal-name">S.</abbr>?‚Äù said Anthony. ‚ÄúStylptitch, of course. Cunning old dog. He changed the hiding-place.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúRichmond,‚Äù said Virginia thoughtfully. ‚ÄúIs the diamond concealed somewhere at Richmond, I wonder?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIt‚Äôs a favourite spot for royalties,‚Äù agreed Anthony.</p>
			<p>Battle shook his head.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI still think it‚Äôs a reference to something in this house.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI know,‚Äù cried Virginia suddenly.</p>
			<p>Both men turned to look at her.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThe Holbein portrait in the Council Chamber. They were tapping on the wall just below it. And it‚Äôs a portrait of the Earl of Richmond!‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou‚Äôve got it,‚Äù said Battle, and slapped his leg.</p>
			<p>He spoke with an animation quite unwonted.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThat‚Äôs the starting-point, the picture, and the crooks know no more than we do what the figures refer to. Those two men in armour stand directly underneath the picture, and their first idea was that the diamond was hidden in one of them. The measurements might have been inches. That failed, and their next idea was a secret passage or stairway, or a sliding panel. Do you know of any such thing, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr>¬ÝRevel?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Virginia shook her head.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThere‚Äôs a Priest‚Äôs Hole, and at least one secret passage, I know,‚Äù she said. ‚ÄúI believe I‚Äôve been shown them once, but I can‚Äôt remember much about them now. Here‚Äôs Bundle, she‚Äôll know.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Bundle was coming quickly along the terrace towards them.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôm taking the Panhard up to town after lunch,‚Äù she remarked. ‚ÄúAnyone want a lift? Wouldn‚Äôt you like to come, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝCade? We‚Äôll be back by dinnertime.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo, thanks,‚Äù said Anthony. ‚ÄúI‚Äôm quite happy and busy down here.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThe man fears me,‚Äù said Bundle. ‚ÄúEither my driving or my fatal fascination! Which is it?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThe latter,‚Äù said Anthony. ‚ÄúEvery time.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBundle, dear,‚Äù said Virginia, ‚Äúis there any secret passage leading out of the Council Chamber?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúRather. But it‚Äôs only a mouldy one. Supposed to lead from Chimneys to Wyvern Abbey. So it did in the old, old days, but it‚Äôs all blocked up now. You can only get along it for about a hundred yards from this end. The one upstairs in the White Gallery is ever so much more amusing, and the Priest‚Äôs Hole isn‚Äôt half bad.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWe‚Äôre not regarding them from an artistic standpoint,‚Äù explained Virginia. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs business. How do you get into the Council Chamber one?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHinged panel. I‚Äôll show you after lunch if you like.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThank you,‚Äù said Superintendent Battle. ‚ÄúShall we say at 2:30?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Bundle looked at him with lifted eyebrows.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCrook stuff?‚Äù she inquired.</p>
			<p>Tredwell appeared on the terrace.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúLuncheon is served, my lady,‚Äù he announced.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
